Building our shared consciousness 

Vision: Internet of Thoughts — Let’s be the real IoT.

On our marketing site we could actually put up examples of our thought networks so that people can come on and play with it and see what we are thinking. @Cameron

It all makes sense now.. .A mission is something that you do and a vision is something that you see. That is why a mission is the action to get you to the vision. @Cameron

Today Cole got on the floor and kicked himself in the head. 

@minshew mentioned we should read the bezos letters to shareholders. 

@nodio A great question to ask users for feedback is to ask people, “What nearly kept you from joining?” The idea is that people who don’t join don’t care enough to give you feedback but the people who joined do, and whatever almost kept them from joining probably is keeping other people from joining. 

Need to remember to take useful materials from Course Hero before leaving. This includes interview questions, process documentation, playbook outline, etc.

Talking with VP candidates is great. Always put things in perspective. It’s about delivering a product that furthers the business and making sure people are happy while doing it. 

Being able to recognize which decisions are worth investing lots of discussion in is a skill all by itself. 

Trying to work on 3 different development tasks at once is challenging. With tangle I will have to be disciplined about spec’ing out tasks and banging through them. 

Matt Dolan has a habit of pushing code that breaks things in development. But he’s a great engineer. I think he optimizes for releasing code quickly and accepts the risk that things will break. I wonder if this is deliberate and where this approach comes from.

Need to do aggressive user research / interviews to validate our product offering. 

A targeted set of questions to validate our hypotheses — which problem are we solving?

I wonder why some people have strong workout motivations early in the morning and others find it harder. #exercise

@Cameron defaulted to using the notes app on his phone as opposed to pulling out his computer. Shoes the importance of ease of use and availability. #tangle

Related to yesterday, there is no point wasting time debating meaningless decisions like Java or JavaScript on the backend. Either will work just fine

We should look into incorporating research about how to take notes onto our site. 

I wasn’t imagining this as a service for sharing long form notes but maybe that will just work by default. Probably will require us to actually store the document so that it can be retrieved from our service. We can probably get pretty far by just dropping into S3 

Do we want our primary focus to be on thoughts generated from reading text, or misc thoughts. I’m thinking BOTH is the answer. 

Top student in a class might want to monetize by sharing their thoughts — interesting relationship to #CourseHero. 

@tangle could be a marketplace for following thought leaders. Thought leaders would probably want to allow this access for free — but maybe not. Could be a powerful way to monetize. 

We have all been using the term “cool” when describing things. “Cool” is good but “valuable” is great. 

When talking to nontechnical people, we might want to avoid using the term graph. I would guess most people think bar chart or line chart when they here “graph”. Maybe “network” is better

@myles indicated that manual thought connection was a bad thing, but is that true? I wonder if there is value in actually spending time sifting through. 

Insight Generation is a new term for knowledge management. 
